in the other game played today
there was the san martín
the daughter of the league teams a military contingent
what about the activities
passing the baseness
old cup
in every city
the whole party to have a year
the vice president said
the daily portdeblishes is
but if the hand practically all the time even if they say that if they die
through ignorance
was replaced the body was it
at minute 35 to arrive
the express statement
the touch of the ball
they have gone garcía by the auction it occupies everything for them
so the archer
men who on paper have to replace leguizamón
therefore the prosecution
show the step
the nuclear program
It seemed like it was saved
but it's going to break
with just 0
explains the happiness of the chinese rivera who studies making movies
nobody tells us
I have many possibilities
the athletic go that does not seem that the pilot
it was several weeks
a header by that block give everything to enter the statut
during this ceremony chaired by the guides
Dominican liquidated party
together they have won pacheco and toni promotion
four years
the azulgrana goalkeeper víctor garcía hidalgo
the president of vocento
the port of Laredo was verified his death
Likewise
I did not start to get ahead of us
like the s-300
at the end but well so if the olive funk imposed the yes
they do not explain to us the persistent struggle much very much in different measure